hello videos that more how are and
welcome an addition to full boris of his
preferred channel your trusted channel of
destruction of arms we bring you the
best routine to define and give
volume to all your arms both in the
biceps like in the triceps you will be routine
and even playback series always
will be to attract thiago and yuyo that are
the people who have the arms more
big and most defined of all of us
the first exercise in our first
chapter here we see thiago is going to be
Olympic tricep we have activated
doing it with a lot of weight
doing it with 90 pounds on each side and
that we are going to do 6 to 10 repetitions
let's work everything that is power
let's work all that is strength
in this exercise as well as what are
watching the whole exercise in the video
must reach to the chest and stretch
completely to give you all the work
To the sad that they need they already know from 6 to
10 repetitions if you can only 5 then
leave it in five but I handle a weight
pretty strong that allows them
grow that muscle the second exercise
it's press french muscle pérez french in
a flat bench as you are seeing
here with a dumbbell this dumbbell does not
it must be so heavy but neither so
light should be a dumbbell that
allows you to do 10 repetitions with each
arm just like the first exercise this
we will repeat it four
times
if you see how it contracts all the tri you see
This is an excellent exercise.
be very careful with the technique
you should always do between the dumbbell and
the shoulder an angle approximately
90 of 90 degrees and they should extend
until the end as if they were giving
a kick like the sad exercise
fundamental for all the part of the
sad obviously this one received you
already knows extensions of triceps
how it makes up high with rope is a
excellent exercise that always
we apply our training tris
and well they are going to do here also from 6 to
10 repetitions with the maximum weight that
you can
after we 're going to go I warned only
We are going to work three exercises
triceps and three biceps exercises in
our first in our first
chapter of this series the first
exercise is going to be
kurt device with dumbbells is very
important that they do it with their maximum
weight can swing a little bit but
they happen to have the back straight the
chest outside is only allowed to swing
a little bit basically to get the weight out
we want we want there
very much blood flow both in the
biceps like the triceps that's why we're going to
use quite a bit of weight in fact we're going to
use our maximum weight let's
Do also 6 to 10 repetitions
also at the end of this exercise we are going
to take the 45 pound bar as it does not
it weighs a lot and we're going to work the most
of repetitions that we can do to
work a definition
[Music]
this we are going to do in the last round
they saw in the fourth round is that we're going to
give weight we will do bike courses
We can do it with dumbbells
separated or we can also do it
same time and now it's going to look
rain in the video that will do it at
same time and you see the difference
and can adopt any of the
ways of doing it can be done separately
how is thiago doing or what can
do at once as it does
remember that we are going to work with
our maximum weight
sometimes it is very difficult sometimes we
we balanced a little more we help each other with
the back but all this is allowed
only if you work with your maximum weight
we have to accustom the muscle
always more always more here we go to
do bikes really concentrated here
the technique is very easy to do
just let the dumbbell come down
maximum that we can find the floor
we use the other arm to maintain
balance and we always press the
plane always on the whole site has to
being contracted abdomen has arms
from thiago the truth is that he has a good
volume and a good and excellent
definition and that's why they are
those chosen to show us all the
routines that says and sad because they are
the most developed people have
that for culture I can bring you all
back training in return
of all shoulder training or
are all chest workouts and
valeri buster all the trainings
of women so that you have
variety in the channel so that all
have the most information
available to transform your
body remember to like
share this video please leave us
a comment if you have any questions
question answer restlessness
thing please write
now let's look at the way that
you can do these last two
exercises the exercise of cool with
Dumbbells can do so
raising one arm first and then
of the other or they can do it as it is
doing here what they both do to the
time that is to say or do this exercise or
you do the other one although I'm going to show you
Bizet five years must be
conscious and they have to know that they are
nothing else three we are going to choose it
here is contracting everything that is
everything the bicep part looks at
judo how it will read part of the chest well
trained has also improved a lot and
as we say we have 194
has an excellent muscle base
let's hope he's going to give the hundred
hundred of yes to transform your body
and to take it to a pretty level
excellent can do preacher also
that is, they can do the first three
exercises that you saw or can combine
choosing three exercises of all this
are watching this exercise is going to tell
how one is going to tell preacher is going to
make this aggression bevel in preacher
and the cur with bar
basically they saw that's all friends
remember to repeat all the exercises
four times a hug
I love you so much I talk to you war
uruguay that we are working with
heart to you and only for you
a hug we love you again
and see you next video program